Add rule docs for 0.16.1 integration updates (#1587)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/prebuilt-rules/downloadable-packages/0-16-1/prebuilt-rule-0-16-1-sharepoint-malware-file-upload.asciidoc

[[prebuilt-rule-0-16-1-sharepoint-malware-file-upload]]
=== SharePoint Malware File Upload

> Identifies the occurence of files uploaded to SharePoint being detected as Malware by the file scanning engine. Attackers can use File Sharing and Organization Repositories to spread laterally within the company and amplify their access. Users can inadvertently share these files without knowing their maliciousness, giving adversaries opportunity to gain initial access to other endpoints in the environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Identifies the occurence of files uploaded to SharePoint being detected as Malware by the file scanning engine. Attackers can use File Sharing and Organization Repositories to move laterally within the company and amplify their access. Users can inadvertently share these files without knowing their maliciousness, giving adversaries opportunities to gain initial access to other endpoints in the environment.
```
